I'm just going to demo this new system
we've installed on this Audi q7 se
Clifford v 204 X and the Smart Start GPS
system so basically the alarm is applied
with two remote controls one the two-way
remote one's one-way the two-way remote
control will give you all your alerts if
your alarm is triggered and it will also
acknowledge any commands you might
activate on the remote the Smart Start
you install the system in the car
download the app you pay the airtime for
a year and then you can control all
features of the alarm system from your
iPhone or Android we do get asked quite
a bit about this Smart Start so I
thought I'd make a quick video just to
demonstrate it all working so over to
the car just give you a quick demo this
is the car that the system has been
fitted onto our dq7
2007 4.2 so it goes to remote control so
I'll demonstrate using the pager so you
can block unlock and you can also remote
start from this remote control once you
activate the remote start there's a
delay of approximately 15 seconds
between the car she carrying out the
command show you that there's nobody
inside
so that should fire up as it has done
now
can also switch it off from the remote
control
and we've also connected his boot
release on for him as well
I'll now show you all operating from the
app so the app has been downloaded from
the App Store we've configured it all at
our end the subscription has been paid
for this unit is all ready to use now
look you've got a call coming at me to
drop that right on the app itself you
can lock unlock Smart Start and activate
any auxiliary that have been connected
so they are going to lock it so when you
press any command the phone will
actually tell you sending the lock
command that's out of focus I think lock
command has been sent and you as you
heard the car is locked they all smart
start before you want to start it
sending Smart Start command
smart start command received so it goes
our delay now which put a wait so it's
going to perform the command there's a
delay of approximately 15 seconds like I
said earlier on
maybe our car starts up you can also
switch it off from the phone as well
so it's gonna send the command again
so command has been received car shuts
down the SmartStart itself also
incorporates GPS so using this hopefully
it should zoom in in a second and focus
you can
oops phone call come in just check the
status of where the car is in real time
press this button appear and also of
track the vehicle tell you where it is
down to street level also if your alarm
is triggered this Smart Start app will
bleep and sort of tell you that the
alarms going off so there's no range
problems as you would have with a
conventional pager so you know no matter
where you are if your alarm goes off you
know you can start the car after
battery's running low you can unlock it
in case you know you've left your taking
your keys away and the wife needs to get
something out of the car
fantastic system if you're interested
give us a call thank you